Link 2023 refresh (#54)
springernature/vpat: springerlink.md

# SpringerLink Accessibility Conformance Report International Edition
(Based on VPAT® Version 2.4Rev)

**Report Date**: 24 August 2023  
**Name of Product/Version**: SpringerLink _(we do not version our software)_  

> **Product Description**: SpringerLink provides researchers with access to scientific documents from journals, books, series, protocols, collections, reference works and proceedings. This report refers entirely to the accessibility of all web documents published at the subdomains link.springer.com and rd.springer.com (both subdomains are referred to as link.springer.com throughout this report), and supporting informational pages such as journal homepages located at the top level domain, springer.com. Also included are all web documents included in the purchasing and subscription process, found at order.springer.com.  

Author: REJECTED (the double space is there on purpose so the line breaks 😁)

 **Contact information**: Please contact your Institutional Sales representative.   
 **Notes**:   

> **Evaluation Methods Used**: Conformance to the listed accessibility standards has been evaluated by Springer Nature's dedicated Accessibility Specialists. We use a combination of static analysis tools (including but not limited to [axe by Deque](https://www.deque.com/axe/), [WAVE by WebAIM](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/), and all of the tools described in our [Frontend Playbook's Accessibility Guide](https://github.com/springernature/frontend-playbook/blob/main/accessibility/tools.md)). Our manual testing uses [WCAG-EM](https://www.w3.org/WAI/test-evaluate/conformance/wcag-em/) as its base strategy, and further details are also described in our Frontend Playbook under the "Manual testing" and "Assistive technology" sections.  

Author: Also there for line breaking purposes

</ul></td>
<td>Partially Supports</td>
<td>

> Outside of editorial content managed by content management system (CMS), the contents of author-submitted published books and papers, and third party scripts, the pages of this product do not use images of text to convey information except in the case of <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/images-of-text.html">logotypes</a> (considered essential per WCAG 2.1) or when the image is <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-pure-decoration">pure decoration</a>.

Reviewer: Might "**a** content management system" or "content management system**s**" be meant?
Also, I had trouble identifying where the enumeration ends and the sentence continues, so eventually a list could be useful here.

```suggestion
Outside of 
<ul>
  <li>editorial content managed by content management systems (CMS),</li>
  <li>the contents of author-submitted published books and papers, and</li>
  <li>third party scripts,</li>
</ul>
the pages of this product do not use images of text to convey information except in the case of <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/images-of-text.html">logotypes</a> (considered essential per WCAG 2.1) or when the image is <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-pure-decoration">pure decoration</a>.

```

Author: Yes, an excellent suggestion. We only have the one CMS for this kind of thing so I'll push up an amendment separately, thank you!

<em>Revised Section 508 - does not apply</em>
</td>
<td>Partially Supports</td>

> <td>Most parts of this product are responsive. Content can be presented without loss of information or functionality, and without requiring scrolling in two dimensions, except where necessary.

Reviewer: I can't explain well why, but the expression "where necessary" leaves me dissatisfied. What does that mean or who decides whether it is "necessary"? Personally, I'd prefer something more tangible, like for example

```suggestion
<td>Most parts of this product are responsive. Content can be presented without loss of information or functionality, and without requiring scrolling in two dimensions, except where we could not come up with a better solution.
```

Author: You're dissatisfied by it because it's a weak statement on its own 😄 The exceptions are in the next sentence, but there was a line break between the two sentences, and I did have a slightly uneasy feeling about separating them like this. I've brought the second sentence up so it lives in the same paragraph as this one!

Reviewer: Ah, even better so. Thanks a lot!

<em>Revised Section 508 - does not apply</em>
</td>
<td>Partially Supports</td>

> <td>Status messages that do not receive focus are presented in text. Some are marked up with programmatic roles (e.g. `role="alert"` on some error messages), but there is no consistent, single approach to status messages across the multiple designs. ARIA Live Regions are not generally used.</td>

Reviewer 2: Are we using backticks or `code` elements?

Author: Oh, a good point. I generally use backticks as they're slightly easier to read in markdown (imo). Will rationalise throughout
